Clarify multiline format with file-based layout (#370)
passff/passff: README.md

  * mysite.com

PassFF will

> * get the user from the "user" file unser supersite.com

Reviewer: This is wrong, but the documentation was misleading here. Would you please change the above example to include a `* password` and a `* url` line and remove the `* user` line?
```
* www
  * supersite.com
    * login
    * password
    * url
  * mysite.com
```
```suggestion

```

* get the login from the "login" file under supersite.com
* get the login from the "login" field inside the mysite.com entry for mysite.com (see [format above](#multi-line-format))

> The file structure approach does not support custom input fields, however. Also, you cannot use this layout with [the format above](#multi-line-format) for cases where your username is `user` (which has been encountered in the wild in some old devices), or another reserved name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file structure approach does not support custom input fields.

Note that the file structure format is recognized and assumed by PassFF whenever a file name matches a reserved field name such as `user`, `url`, `password` or `login`. This might cause unexpected behavior in cases where there is a file in [multi-line format](#multi-line-format) whose name happens to be a reserved field name.
```
